Block Chain + New Era, Convenient Life Style and New Pursuit of Beauty are the first in the world.
Ohm coin, a digital encrypted currency in the ecological chain of beauty industry, is an intelligent contract issue based on block chain.
Standardizing the beauty industry chain, realizing the perfect combination of the ecological chain and the block chain of the beauty industry, and becoming the number of value nodes
Money.
Ohm coin, or OMCC for short, is the first in the world to put forward and inspire to build an ecological chain belonging to the beauty industry.
Pass will be upgraded through DAPP, mining and other means besides getting through the data of all links in the beauty industry.
Applying the status of scenarios to promote value circulation. Global investors hold all digital assets OMCC, and eventually will
In the form of asset tokens, it supports the purchase in DAPP and the consumption in physical stores. The release of OMCC will lead
The circulation of global beauty ecological chain will continue to increase the value-added space in the future, and then optimize the new generation of big healthy beauty industry.
Page 14
The development and operation of state system.
Ohm coin relies on the beauty industry, which consumes trillions of dollars this year in the real economy, and is committed to promoting the beauty industry.
The international status of the industry promotes the international circulation of the brand, and perfectly links the real economy of the aesthetic industry with the block chain.
Ohm coin will establish docking and landing with beauty agencies, skin care and cosmetics brands, and women's high-quality products to enable consumers
Trading directly with international brands ensures the safety and authenticity of products, and Ohm currency will be given priority to women.
Taxis provide employment opportunities and platforms.
Ohm has a huge fan group of people from the global beauty industry chain and women from all over the world.
Establish strategic cooperation among many big brands of beauty industry in the world. Ohm coin will always build a set of health, beauty industry, public welfare,
The goal of the new ecosystem of the big and healthy beauty industry, which combines the four capital engines, is to persist in serving the global beauty industry practitioners and the beauty-loving people.
Women create a fair, fair, transparent and healthy aesthetic ecosystem.
